Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(bright music)
(groans)
[Cho-Cho] I'm so hungry.
(sighs)
Don't tell me you're
really gonna eat all that.
Tomorrow's my first
day off in a long time,
so I've gotta build
up my energy, right?
(giggles)
Hey, go easy there, all right.
I won't help you on our trip
if you drop from overeating.
You won't have to
worry about that.
Are you guys going
away together?
[Cho-Cho] Yup.
A four day, three night
gourmet crab extravaganza tour.
(giggles)
[Sarada] And you?
My dad got some time off too,
so our family's going fishing.
Wow.
That sounds like fun.
(yawns)
Shikadai?
Aw man.
Listen to this.
I've gotta go to my
mom's family's house
in the Land of Wind.
It's like me.
I'm supposed to go out on a
camping trip with my grandpa.
(giggles)
-I'm so happy to see you!
-Grandpa!
Grandpa!
Come on!
Yes, it's me, your grandpa!
(boys sigh)
Honestly, I'd rather just
be sent on a mission.
My condolences, guys.
Aw man.
I wish that I could be
training with Sasuke instead.
[Shikadai] You mean that you
still haven't heard from him?
You did ask him to
train you, right?
Yeah, of course,
but Sasuke told me
that he was gonna
get in touch with
me via his hawk,
so I've just been here
waiting and waiting.
You really think my dad
is gonna keep his promise?
We don't even know where he is
or what he could be doing.
I wonder what he's
up to right now.
It's like he's out there
camping alone all year round.
There's no way we can
know what he's doing.
That's what's so great about it.
He's not just tied
down to the village.
He could still travel the world,
supporting the Hokage
from the shadows.
And that is seriously cool.
Yeah, true.
The job that dad does is
very important, but even so,
I think that there's
still a lot to learn
right here in the
Hidden Leaf Village.
Look, textbook honor
student answer.
Could you please
not put a damper
on my spirit of adventure?
(sighs)
(birds chirp)
(gasps)
(hawk screeches)
Hey!
I'm over here!
I said I'm over here!
(bell rings)
Is that a message from Sasuke?
That's right.
I'll have the Cipher
Corps look at it.
(mysterious music)
I gotta say, as Sasuke's
number one student,
I have a right to know what's
inside that scroll, don't I?
Looks like Sasuke's facing
an uphill battle as usual.
The area he's investigating
is way too big.
I mean, that Otsutsuki
guy can teleport through
other dimensions,
isn't that right?
But it's just because
he's so elusive
that Sasuke's our
only real hope.
Look, it says here that
he might be right on
Urashiki Otsutsuki's trail.
It looks like Sasuke's
heading south right now.
We can't communicate
with him for four days.
In the 37th district,
west of the Land of Sand.
[Shikamaru] What's there?
[Yurito] The three
stone pillars.
[Clerk] Hey!
Stop!
Come back here!
What's the deal?
What's all this?
Huh?
Sorry.
The messenger
hawk's gotten loose.
Man, I could've sworn that
we locked up its tethers.
(hawk screeches)
Damn it.
(light electronic music)
All right, I got
Sasuke's location.
And I'm pretty sure that there's
a train to the Land of Wind that
I can catch tomorrow morning.
(chuckles)
Talk about a great start.
[Sarada] Hey.
What are you all excited about?
Hey Sarada.
I have some really amazing news.
You ready?
What now?
It's another one
of your fantasies
about traveling the
world or something?
It's okay.
Nevermind.
All right.
What's up?
It's nothing, really.
All right.
Have fun on your
gourmet food tour!
Sorry, but this time,
I'm gonna go it alone.
Being with Team
Seven all the time
can get kind of boring.
Good grief.
You are so wrapped
up in yourself.
(birds chirp)
A training camp?
Team Seven?
Yeah.
Didn't I tell you?
I could've sworn that I
told dad all about it.
So, you can't come
with us, big brother?
Hima, making sure
to train every day
is very important for a shinobi.
Don't forget.
Grandpa's gonna be sad.
Yeah and I feel bad, but still,
I know that grandpa
will understand.
But where will you
stay for a whole week?
At Mitsuki's house, you know?
Well, if he's going
to take care of you,
I have to thank you.
It's no big deal.
I mean, he lives alone.
But anyway, you guys have
to get going soon, right?
Well, if Sarada's with you,
I guess I don't have to worry.
Yeah. That's right.
You can always count on her.
[Boruto] If I don't
get a move on soon,
I'm gonna be late to
catch the Thunder Train.
(train hisses)
Dad gets to stay home, huh?
You're Gaara's only nephew.
It'll be nice to stop
by on your day off.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, I know.
Give grandpa my best!
I wish that you
were coming with us!
Maybe next time, okay?
(upbeat music)
Aw man, this is really not good.
(rock music)
The next one's in three days?
Would you like to
buy a ticket, sir?
No, I can't!
Sasuke's gonna be somewhere
entirely different by then!
I wish that I could help, but...
(train brakes squeak)
What's that?
That one is bound
for the Land of Wind,
but it's a freight train.
No passengers.
(rock music)
Grandpa, Hima, mom, sorry.
So cold.
I'm toast!
I should've learned
Fire Style from Sarada.
(train hisses)
[Inspector A] All clear!
[Inspector B]
Okay! Proceed!
(train horn honks)
[Boruto Voiceover] Land
of Wind, here I come.
Whoa.
Close one.
I almost missed the
station for my transfer.
Wait, is this the right place?
(growls)
Damn it!
It's the station after this!
(groans)
It's only one station.
How far could it be anyway?
(groans)
(sighs)
(breathing heavily)
Need to...find Sasuke.
-(groans)
-(wind howling)
Water.
Oh wow.
Finding someone out
here is super rare.
(groans)
Hold up.
Where am I?
Oh great.
Thank goodness!
I was afraid you weren't
going to wake up.
Are you the person who saved me?
Yeah.
My name is Isago.
This house is my dad's and mine.
My name is Boruto.
Hey, wait.
How long was I out?
It's been a whole day now.
Then that means...Sasuke
is coming tomorrow!
Ow, ow!
The heat got to you and
you collapsed out there.
You still need to rest a bit.
(gulps)
So, how long does it
take to get to the
Thunder Train station?
[Isago] Even if you leave now,
you won't get
there 'til evening.
[Boruto] It's that far?
[Isago] Yeah.
We're in a pretty
isolated area out here.
Man, this sucks.
No matter what, somehow
I've gotta get on
tomorrow's Thunder Train.
Why don't you stay
here one more night?
You can make it if
you go in the morning.
Okay?
Will you do that?
You should!
You should definitely do that.
He's up?
Then you can leave.
Please don't be mad
at my dad, okay?
Please?
He just doesn't like ninja.
(mysterious music)
[Boruto] Have animals
been damaging your garden?
[Gojyo] More or less.
Please, let me help
you out with that.
No thanks.
I want nothing to
do with shinobi!
Why do you live in
such an isolated place?
Isago doesn't have any friends
and she seems pretty bored.
You're young.
You don't know what the Fourth
Great Ninja War was like.
It was a horrible war.
My whole village was
burned to the ground
and not by our enemies,
by our own side.
But why?
Destroy any and all areas where
the enemy could be hiding.
That's what the shinobi who
burned down my village said.
To protect the headquarters,
it was a sacrifice
that needed to be made.
They allowed these
small sacrifices
so that bigger goals
could be attained.
Typical shinobi thinking.
Hold on.
Look, I would never
think like that.
Well, who knows.
Hard times make people change.
I don't want Isago to face that.
That's why I live out here.
(groans)
(yells)
Not this one again!
(giggles)
-(alarm rings)
-(gasps)
Isago, stay here!
Who's there?
Come out!
What's this?
I don't believe
animals did this.
There are some
people who want to
turn this area
into a power plant.
They keep harassing
us to make us move.
What? Really?
But you own the land
here, don't you?
I do, but building a
power plant would improve
the lives of a lot of people.
Apparently, it's just
a small sacrifice.
But that's...
I won't leave!
I've worked hard
for the life I have!
Dad.
I told you to stay inside.
It's dangerous out here.
I really think you oughta stay
for at least one more night.
I can't.
I better get going or I
won't make it in time.
You're mean, Boruto!
Hey!
Come on!
Thank you too, mister!
-(growls)
-Wow.
What the hell?
Take care, Isago.
I don't care if
you collapse again!
Damn it!
I'm cutting this really close!
Oh please.
I really hope that
Sasuke will wait for me.
(hawk screeches)
Don't tell me they're the ones.
(rock music)
(laughs)
Now that's what I call
potent weed killer.
Nice, bro.
That dad and his kid will
move out for sure now.
Of course they will.
After what they did last time,
they'll pay 100 times over.
(rock music)
(groans)
They're gonna be in danger.
Today's the day!
You're gonna leave this place!
You wanna get beat up again?
Come on, don't be that way.
This is just what you
call a small sacrifice.
No way.
Hey, listen, we're only
trying to be nice to you here.
(screams)
Isago!
(trembles)
Hands off my daughter!
First things first,
how 'bout you give me
something in writing,
that you agree to hand
over all of your land
completely to us?
No, dad!
Please don't!
Yeah, okay.
I'll do it.
All right.
To celebrate our agreement,
stay spraying the
weed killer, boys!
But we haven't
harvested the crops yet.
Well that's just too bad because
all of this is in the
way of the power plant.
I can't believe he
bought our story.
Man, just how pathetic
are these backwater hicks?
You mean, all of that was made
up from the very beginning?
Huh?
Ow!
Man, that hurts!
[Isago] Boruto!
You came back!
Who the hell is this kid?
Stay out of this!
Take some advice.
Study your foe before
opening your mouth.
Rasengan!
(men tremble)
I've been thinking,
maybe I oughta tell my good
friend Gaara about all of this.
Come on kid, quit lying.
You don't know him.
You wanna take that chance?
[Thug] This isn't
over, you hear me?
Get lost and don't ever
come back you idiots!
Boruto, why did you
decide to come back here?
I just happened to run into
those thugs, that's all.
But are you guys
okay, Mr. Gojyo?
Really?
You're friends with
Lord Gaara, Boruto?
Well, more like he's
a friend of a friend.
Oh no!
The Thunder Train!
(giggles)
Oh well.
I doubt that I'll make it now.
(growls)
It's for someone you
rarely see, right?
You gave that up just to
come back and help us?
Well, I couldn't ignore it.
Not after seeing what was
going on with you guys.
Thank you for
coming back, Boruto!
Thanks so much!
Boruto, come with me.
I built this trolley
so Isago could escape
in case we ever got
involved in another fight.
Boruto, take it to the station.
Mr. Gojyo, thank you so much!
(rock music)
See you!
Good luck, Boruto!
I'll come back to
visit before too long!
(rock music)
I think I need to speed
this thing up a bit.
(rock music)
Wow!
Amazing!
(rock music)
[Gojyo Voiceover]
These tracks will
take you to the
Thunder Train's tracks.
From there, you can hop
on the Thunder Train
and get to your destination.
(train horn blows)
(bell rings)
(train hisses)
(rock music)
This is it.
Sasuke's supposed
to be around here.
Looks like he hasn't
even arrived yet.
(chuckles)
I just can't wait
for him to train me.
Wait a sec.
Sasuke's...
Is he fighting with someone?
Gaara, go!
Don't worry.
I'll hold them off.
You really think so?
Not so fast!
(rumbles)
Before the main event begins,
I'll be taking some chakra
from the both of you guys.
Hey, Sasuke!
Boruto?
What are you doing out here?
Well, well.
It would appear that even
more prey has arrived.
You're one of them.
I'm Urashiki Otsutsuki
and I'm pleased
to make your acquaintance!
Boruto, get out of here!
Get going!
You're no match for him!
Come on! You know I
can't just run away!
Just listen to me!
(gasps)
I really must say,
these puppets Toneri gave me
sure have come in very handy.
(laughs evilly)
Oh no. Sasuke.
[Urashiki] My, what nice chakra.
Don't underestimate me!
So weak, you don't
stand a chance.
Sasuke, no!
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
If this continues,
Shukaku'll be captured!
Shinki, Boruto, take
Shukaku to the Leaf!
[Shinki] Why do I have
to do this with him?
[Boruto] Leave it to me!
If it's a request from
you Gaara, I'm on it!
[Shinki] I object,
but just don't fall
behind, Boruto Uzumaki.
[Boruto] Quit using my
full name all the time.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"The Entrusted Mission:
Protect the One Tails!"
I'll make sure this mission's
a success, you know?
(Closing Theme Music)